our Diaries Manitoba wait wait wait
don't stop talking you're not where
you're supposed to be go down one more
step so I can be taller than you do it
right this person can't do it another ok
here we go
so it's been scientifically proven that
music is what makes the world go round
so without it the world would stop
spinning causing a loss of gravity and
teenagers would be floating through the
universe without cell service and nobody
would be able to text or tweet
well you're blowing my mind I have to
tweet ok no stop stop get self together
woman I'm not talking about you because
we still have music people and because
of that the nominees but a choice music
group our easy crew
who wants
Selena Gomez and the scene
Gym Class Heroes
and your music group choice is fear
I'm so embarrassed that my band is in
here but this goes out for you guys my
band Joey Dane everybody thank you so
much thank you this is the birth this is
the best birthday present ever thank you
so much
wait wait wait okay wait ah phooey we
wouldn't let you go right now but um
word on the street is that today is your
birthday adventure
now now
I don't I don't know how you are but in
my family we celebrate birthdays we
celebrate birthdays I say you have a
birthday so I need everybody's help
right now will helping me sing it Selena
every birthday okay oh my lead ready
happy
ah
Oh happy
Oh
just don't touch it wheel it off wheel
it off